Is the patient's condition stable?
BP is dropping again.
Let me check.
[Calm music plays without other sounds]
Here, have this.
You need to eat well today.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Excuse me.
Did you see where the person who was here went?
They left a while ago.
Around when?
About 10 minutes ago?
Th-Thank you.
Um...
You're Mr. Hong Woojin's guardian, right?
Oh, yes.
The surgery went well.
We'll have to monitor his progress, but
the surgery was a success.
Ah, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Stay strong.
Yes, yes.
Thank you.
Hey.
It scares me every time.
Let's go.
Ah, ah, ah!
Run.
Ah...
86.
88.
89!
Ten.
90.
One!
Two.
Three.
Eleven.
Twelve.
Thirteen.
Fourteen.
Did you sleep well?
Let's keep going.
Okay.
Fifteen.
Sixteen.
One, two, three, four!
Five!
Damn, we actually did it!
Wow! We actually did it!
Brother, get up, get up.
I think we need to break their balance
by twisting them.
Kids.
Let's talk for a bit.
I told you it wouldn't work.
You'll just go up there and die for nothing.
We understand why you're worried about us, sir,
Then why don't you listen?
Are you rebelling?
Sir.
Today, I'll tell you.
I believe we can fight and defeat Kim Myung-gil.
Yang Joong died, and Doo Young died.
How can you win?
We just need to move as the boss taught us.
Many people
lost their families to Kim Myung-gil
and had precious things stolen.
The boss said if we gather them and unite our strength,
we can definitely win.
They all know they can't win alone,
so they're hiding. But,
if people like my brother and I show up,
they will surely lend a hand.
Before that,
what if Kim Myung-gil catches you?
Oh, you don't have to worry about fighting.
My brother's wounds have healed,
and I've moved up two weight classes, so my punches are stronger.
We're fully prepared to take down Kim Myung-gil's henchmen.
If we use what the boss and the uncles taught us,
I believe we can definitely defeat Kim Myung-gil.
I
cannot allow it,
so keep that in mind.
Oh, come on...
By the time you open this letter,
I'll be in Rome.
With the money Grandpa gave me,
I got a small place to stay.
Grandpa and I promised to go to Rome together
after we catch Kim Myung-gil,
but I ruined everything.
I won't ask you to understand me.
But if I stay here, I keep thinking of Grandpa,
and I can't bear it.
Everywhere I go, I think of Grandpa,
and I can't stop crying.
I feel like I'm going crazy.
It'll get better if I go to a faraway country.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
Oh, man, it hurts so much.
Brother, this isn't pain.
This is your weakness leaving your body.
What are you talking about?
It means you're stronger today than you were yesterday.
Kids.
Follow me.
Yes.
This is the last emergency money
the boss left for us.
Take it upstairs.
I'm sorry
for trying to trap you with my own thoughts.
I'll prepare lodging and a car in Seoul.
Don't get hurt.
Sir.
Thank you.
We will win.
Room 809.
Oh, brother.
Yes.
Hello.
We were sent by Mr. Oh In-mook.
Come in.
Go in.
Alright.
If the tape is torn or reattached when I return,
I'll call the police.
Why?
Because my underwear is in there.
Oh, oh, that will never happen.
There's a bed there and one up here.
Who wants to sleep on the top bunk?
It doesn't matter.
Yes.
Then you sleep on the top.
Excuse me,
may I ask why you made that choice, ma'am?
It's my choice.
Ah.
Uh, here's the card for the front door,
and the car key Grandpa told you to rent.
And my number,
but try not to call me.
I'm busy.
That's it?
Yes.
Then.
Thank you.
Uh...
Hey, wait a minute...
Huh?
Didn't you just call driver Oh "Grandpa"?
Yeah, she must be his granddaughter.
Oh, now that you mention it, she does resemble him. Huh?
She's petite and wears glasses.
But don't you think she was forced to lend us the room?
Right?
Yeah.
I feel bad.
Hey, enough of that.
Let's quickly shower and plan our strategy.
Okay.
Ugh, my stomach hurts.
Oh, oh, ow, ugh.
Reason?
I think it's important
to catch Yang Jae-myung and get information first.
What about you, brother?
I think it's important to gather allies first.
We'll create synergy if we move together.
That's a good point.
But how do we find this person?
The boss also said he'd be the biggest help.
I've been thinking about it on the way up,
and it won't be easy to meet him.
I'll figure something out.
Okay.
Oh, brother!
Huh?
Whoa, this model has a retractable roof.
The roof opens?
Yeah.
It's a convertible?
Brother.
Among the loan sharks in Myeongdong,
there are so many people like you who got robbed by Smile Capital.
So you're saying we should gather them and combine forces?
Brother, honestly, the loan sharks in this neighborhood, huh?
Brother, everyone knows each other through one connection or another.
If you take the lead, those people
will all move.
They'll all move.
Then what?
Get back the money that was stolen,
and make sure Smile Capital can never again
do something like this to individual loan sharks, just completely
crush them, yeah?
You also lost hundreds of millions, didn't you, brother?
I can't do it.
Ah...
If this goes wrong, I could actually die.
Then what about the stolen money?
That damn money, sh*t.
Ah, I can just earn it back, huh?
Anyway, I'm absolutely not getting involved.
My life is more important than money.
Brother, please, just one more time...
Hey!
Hey, what the hell is this?
What's wrong with this?
Senior?
Senior!
Hey, you can't come in here.
Oh, what brings my junior marines here?
Senior, what happened here?
Huh?
Ah, these...
A few days ago,
those gangsters came and cleaned me out.
Why?
I have 10 billion won in bonds with one month left on the statute of limitations.
If you collect this money, Mr. President,
I'll give you a commission
of five percent.
This is a business where I have nothing to lose, isn't it?
Then let's sign the contract immediately.
It seems our graceful madam
isn't accustomed to such matters.
Uh, these kinds of things,
they are generally based on mutual trust,
uh, that's how we conduct business.
I'll find someone else.
No, no, no, no...
No, no, no, that...
Generally, there are exceptions, uh.
There are exceptions, so, uh.
Later, I found out
that in the middle of the contract, in tiny letters, uh?
If I couldn't collect the bonds within a month,
I'd have to pay back half the total amount.
That's what it said.
That contract is similar to Smile Capital's.
What's that?
The representative is Kim Myung-gil.
Oh, Kim Myung-gil, who was under the boss?
Yes.
Where is that son of a bitch now?
Senior, did you hear about what happened to the boss?
What?
The boss...
was killed by Kim Myung-gil.
Damn, this isn't funny at all.
Ugh, damn it.
This isn't funny at all.
Damn, this isn't funny.
Damn, it's not funny!
Why would the boss die?
Huh?
Our boss...
Why did he die?!
Boss, why did he die?
Ugh, answer me, you bastards!
You, damn it!
Why did our boss die, you bastards?!
Ugh, I'm tired.
I'm so tired.
Let's go inside and rest.
Yes.
What is it?
Long time no see.
You damn bastards.
Ugh, sh*t.
Damn it!
Ready!
Hey, I'll tell you everything, just don't hit me, okay?
The word got out among the homeless,
so these days, I'm going around disability facilities
picking up ID cards.
Who asked about you?
How's Smile Capital doing?
Ah, well, you could ask me something more specific.
Did the casino open?
Wait a minute.
Hey, lower your eyes.
You, come over here.
Why?
Geon-woo, be a bit tougher.
What should I do?
First, no polite speech.
But, brother,
that person looks over forty,
so I feel weird speaking informally to them.
Alright, then.
If they look down on you, beat them with your fists.
Okay.
Look,
it might be hard to believe, but I'm 31,
and I'm not looking down on either of you, so there's no need to hit me.
I don't have a single healthy part of my body.
Recently, some bastard
slashed both my Achilles tendons with a sashimi knife,
and it took me four months just for rehab.
That bastard is our brother. Watch your mouth.
I was wrong then.
You had every right to do that.
You asked about the casino, right?
Yes.
I overheard the director talking on the phone recently...
Director? What's his name?
Kim Jun-min.
He's alive?
Some bastard slit his throat with a knife and he almost died...
Damn it.
Ah, ah.
You're all together.
Okay. I 100% understand now, alright?
I'll be careful what I say from now on, so you don't need to hit me.
I hate Kim Jun-min.
He's a damn asshole.
Smile Capital are also damn bastards.
I'm only sticking with them for the money, okay?
You came at the right time.
I had a lot of pent-up anger.
I'll tell you everything.
Alright, just get to the point.
I overheard them talking,
and they're still fighting with Ail Group over the contract.
So Kim Myung-gil is apparently super sensitive.
And?
There's Lim Jang-do.
A close buddy of Kim Jun-min.
A real son of a bitch, huh?
That son of a bitch was in charge of the cops, but he suddenly disappeared?
But Kim Myung-gil was recently playing at a room salon,
and got into an argument with some guy,
and broke his wrist.
And broke his wrist.
So the police were called, and it was a huge mess,
but it just passed as if nothing happened.
Normally, when the police show up, it doesn't just pass like that.
According to Kim Jun-min,
Kim Myung-gil seems to have found a substitute for Lim Jang-do.
Oh...
But he's still not saying anything.
Why?
He doesn't even trust his own people.
Anything else?
Oh, he's trying to acquire a golf course in Gyeonggi-do.
That's why we're slaving away like this, huh?
He doesn't pay worth a damn,
but he makes us work like hell.
Right? Huh?
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Ah, that's all the recent issues.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
You know you'll be screwed if you send this to Kim Jun-min, right?
Keep your mouth shut.
Don't worry.
If you need anything, just contact me anytime.
I'm also one of those who wish for Smile Capital's downfall.
Can you also find the phone number of Ail Group's eldest son?
Ah, that might be difficult.
Ah, those people have very tight security, you see.
Ah...
Okay, his name is Hong Min-beom.
Hey, we have the same last name.
Brother.
Jajangmyeon in Seoul is still
the best, I think. Yeah.
Yeah.
Why are you using someone else's computer without permission?
Oh, the messenger is all logged in, you know.
I'm really sorry. I didn't open the messenger at all.
Go to the PC bang in the basement of the next building.
Alright, I'm sorry.
Turn it off quickly.
Alright.
I'll just use it this once.
Turn it off quickly.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
Ugh, so tiring.
But how did she know?
Ah, when I turned on the computer,
the messenger automatically logged in, so she probably got an alert.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Why?
Hong Min-beom has 500,000 followers.
Wait a minute.
Oh, stop.
Stop, stop, stop!
Did I tell you or not
to get the contract ready
so I could transfer the money by today?
I was going to, but...
My father...
Hey, you bastard!
How dare you!
You bastard!
You bastard! You, you bastard! You bastard!
Beom-ah.
Please help me, please help me!
Help me!
By this Friday,
change the contract as I told you.
Yes.
If you don't, I'll release the video,
and because of that video,
I'll make it look like you committed suicide. Got it?
Yes, yes.
Do you want to catch Kim Myung-gil?
We will help you.
Ah, damn it, what are these guys now?
Let's meet once.
If we're going to meet, let's meet quickly, brother.
I have to give the contract by Friday.
Then ask them if they're available now.
If they suddenly say yes, what do I say?
Let's call the bar you go to.
If we get them drunk, their true intentions will come out.
Ah, damn.
Don't worry, I'll send two of our team members with you.
In-seong-ah.
Yes.
It's good, right?
Ah, yes.
Don't eat it, damn it!
Yes.
Bro, bro, bro, bro!
Hello, hello.
Hello.
Ah, I'm Min-beom's cousin.
Ah, I'm Kim Geon-woo.
I'm Hong Woojin.
I'm the one who sent the DM.
Let's sit down.
Yes.
Well, let's have a drink and talk slowly.
Uh...
Ah...
Ah... Uh...
Uh, I'm really sorry, but
I was stabbed by Kim Myung-gil's henchmen,
and my liver was slightly torn, so I can't drink alcohol.
If you don't want to drink,
just say you don't want to drink.
It's okay.
It's true.
Here, here.
Here.
Alright, yes, okay.
Put that down.
Ah, it's unsightly, put it down.
Okay, well, you rest a bit.
Did you get stabbed too?
Uh, no. I don't drink alcohol normally.
Ah, we're going to have a deep conversation, so let's have a drink.
No.
Let's all be honest with each other now.
Didn't we agree to meet for that?
Ah, if you back out on such a small thing,
how can we trust you?
Ah, and frankly,
you also needed us, so you asked to meet, didn't you?
I'll just have a drink.
Okay.
No, I'll, I'll drink it.
Alright.
Here, Director Hong.
Uh, yes.
Alright, let's have a drink.
Bottoms up.
Yes.
Oh, he drinks well.
Alright, today,
we busy people will drink from this glass.
Whiskey is for glasses.
Yes.
Alright.
Mm.
Awesome.
Slowly now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ah, this feels good now, ah.
Damn it...
This is fun.
Ah, brother, nice to meet you. I...
I've been so stressed because of that Kim Myung-gil bastard.
Brother, I'm Kang-yong.
Kang-yong, yes.
Huh? I'm Kang-yong.
Alright, pour me one.
Yes!
Because of that son of a bitch Kim Myung-gil,
I even got alopecia areata
and hemorrhoids, damn it.
Just now, I saw him and immediately hit him.
That son of a bitch.
Our Chief loves me so much!
Hey, when we're alone, you tell me.
Ah.
'Hey, Chief Min,'
'Hey, brother! Don't do that, brother!'
'Chief Min, if someone else hears, they'll misunderstand.'
Brother, take good care of him. He's family now.
Take good care of him, he seems nice.
Woojin, you, and the two of you, do whatever you want.
Damn it, brother, I'll support you all the way, brother, all the way.
Shall I pour you a drink?
Can't drink.
Yes.
I can't drink because of my hemorrhoids.
Ah, damn it, it's because I worked overtime yesterday.
I should drink for two more hours.
Ah, damn.
Brother.
What now, damn it?
Huh? Brother, did you sleep well?
Did you sleep well?
Wh-What happened here?
Oh, ah.
Yesterday, you said you wanted to drink more at your place,
and brought us here.
Ah.
I was just about to wake you because the ramen is ready.
You need to sober up, brother.
Yeah.
Brother, have a seat.
Hey, Geon-woo, this.
Okay.
I'll go wake up brother Kang-yong.
Ah, how much did we drink, damn it.
Geonho? Geonwoo?
It's 'woo'.
Ah...
What did we decide to do?
Ah, brother Kang-yong said
he'd bring a computer expert from the police station
to hack Kim Myung-gil's phone, then
burn all the hard drives in his safe.
I made ramen.
You need to sober up, brother!
Brother.
Brother, get up, oh.
This Friday, when Kim Myung-gil
comes to Ail Group to sign the contract,
that's when we're doing it.
Who?
You, brother.
Ah, well, of course it would be me.
Ah, come on, let's eat, ugh.
How much did we drink?
Careful, careful.
Please enjoy your meal.
Eat, eat.
Thank you for the meal.
It's been a long time since I've had this.
You cooked it well.
Wow!
It's really big.
It's so tall.
Ah, how many floors is this?
Ah, thank you.
Oh, brother, hello, hello.
Oh, you're here?
Hello.
Oh.
Yes, hello, yes.
Yes.
I'll introduce our staff.
You do it.
This is Sergeant Yoon Han-goo.
Nice to meet you.
Hello.
I'm Kang Tae-young, team leader of the Cyber Crime Investigation Division.
My presence here is a secret.
Nice to meet you.
Ah.
My being here is a secret too,
we're all secrets.
Yes.
Anyway, Tae-young
is the best in our country when it comes to cyber security.
From now on, I'll brief you on how to hack Kim Myung-gil's phone
and activate the safe.
Yes, there are two methods.
The first method is Wi-Fi.
First, I'll install a small jammer
in the meeting room where I have a meeting, to block signals,
which will temporarily make internet usage impossible.
Then, we'll naturally induce the suspect
to connect to Wi-Fi.
Uh, the moment the suspect connects to the transmitter I created,
I can infiltrate their phone.
Once I infiltrate the phone, it's game over.
Uh, I've already completed a preliminary investigation
into safe apps that the suspect might use.
Uh, the second method is
for the suspect to open a more direct gate.
Because of COVID-19, we
scan personal QR codes when entering buildings, right?
I'll place a QR code I created at the entrance
and have them scan it with their phone.
The moment that QR code enters their phone,
uh, a door will open for me to hack.
We'll use both methods simultaneously.
No.
What do I need to do?
Uh, it's best if you can make the suspect
use our Wi-Fi for as long as possible.
Uh, I'll infiltrate the cloud and extract data,
and this can take some time depending on the size of the data.
If we're lucky,
we can sweep up all the criminal evidence
he's committed so far, and even his accomplices.
But what if...
What if that bastard notices?
Do you have another plan?
We're trying to prevent
such a situation by using two methods
simultaneously.
No! No! No, no, brother!
That's not it! That's not it...
No matter what it takes,
it's right to destroy the hard drive tomorrow immediately.
If it were me, I'd do that even if I had to snatch his phone.
It's a simple task, it's not difficult, is it?
Why are you making it sound so hard, you'll choke.
I'll take the phone.
Han-goo.
Uh, can I ask what's on the hard drive?
Ah, damn it! Seriously!
Ah, ah, you two,
stay put.
Yes.
Min-beom, can I see you for a moment?
Min-beom.
You're very anxious, aren't you?
This is a pretty high-difficulty operation.
We're moving unofficially,
so there are many limitations.
Brother.
If I can't erase this hard drive, I'll be tied to Kim Myung-gil forever.
I'll be in serious trouble.
That's why I'll do my very best.
Just trust me a little more, brother!
Alright.
Ah.
Oh? No.
Are you sure?
Of course.
You can measure the temperature.
Scan the QR code with the camera.
Isn't it usually the other way around?
It's our building system.
Yes, it's a bit unusual.
It's working.
Okay.
Yes!
Oh?
Why? What is it?
There's nothing in the album.
Wait a minute.
"No data found."
There's no safe app here, as you mentioned.
You guys heard it right, didn't you?
Yes.
It wasn't a situation where Lim Jang-do could lie.
Ah, did that bastard figure it out?
Oh my!
Director Hong.
How do you do?
Huh?
Ugh, damn it.
Why?
He doesn't have the safe app on his phone.
This bastard has two phones.
What are you talking about?
The phone that scanned the QR code earlier was black, but
this one is silver.
Ah...
Then what do we do now?
We need to make him connect to Wi-Fi.
Oh, the team leader is coming back.
Uh, Director...
No, it's fine, it's fine.
Do you need anything?
No, no, it's fine.
What happened?
Kim Myung-gil has two phones.
We hacked one, but there's no safe app on it,
and the one with the app is in that pouch.
So?
We're still thinking, brother.
We really don't have much time.
That, that will be over soon.
Brother, let's talk among ourselves for a moment.
Ah, damn it.
Tae-young, Han-goo.
Could you two excuse us for a moment?
Yes, yes.
Brother, what did Lim Jang-do use to film the video then?
His phone.
Then wouldn't Lim Jang-do have sent the video
to Kim Myung-gil's phone?
To confirm it?
Yes.
Before you stamp the contract,
just demand that he deletes the video first.
Then Kim Myung-gil will have no choice but to take out his phone.
What if he didn't send it?
If he denies sending it, what do I say?
Tell him to show you the chat with Lim Jang-do if he's so confident.
And tell him that Lim Jang-do said he would send it to the representative.
Ah, seriously?
Criminals like Kim Myung-gil trust no one.
To confirm if Lim Jang-do finished the job properly,
he would have told him to send the video after it was done.
I'm not confident.
Trust me, brother.
No, that's not it.
I don't have the confidence to confront Kim Myung-gil, brother.
I'm scared!
Just looking at him makes my hands tremble, damn it, brother!
Min-beom.
I
believe you can do it.
If there's even a slight hint of trouble, I'll step in immediately.
And if, by any chance, things escalate,
our family will mobilize all its resources to protect you.
So let's be brave just this once.
Brother, we'll go in with you too.
You can do it, brother.
Everyone was waiting, but
where did you go?
Lawyers, please step outside for a moment.
I have something to discuss with CEO Kim.
Ah, yes.
Do you want to be arrested as a現行犯 (in flagrante delicto)?
What?
Trying to act cool?
Before you sign,
delete the video first.
It's at home.
Once we sign the contract, I'll go home and delete it right away.
I promise.
Are you messing with me right now?
I know your subordinate sent it to you on your phone.
Delete it in front of me.
Oh ho.
Deleting.
No.
Let me delete it myself.
I don't trust you.
What if I refuse?
Then, damn it, I won't sign the contract either.
You're crazy.
Hey.
If you mess with me, do you think my family will just stand by?
I was so embarrassed that
I've been working alone until now to resolve this quietly.
Ah.
My aunt is the Commissioner of the National Tax Service.
One phone call from me, and without you being able to stop it,
your company will be audited tomorrow.
How about that?
Want to get hit with a tax bomb worth hundreds of billions?
Want to take this all the way? Huh?
Your way of speaking has improved a lot, hasn't it?
In a threatening tone.
I learned it from you.
I like it.
I don't like it.
It appeared.
Wait a minute.
The safe app, it's there.
Okay!
Hey!
Shh, be quiet.
Okay.
I'll open the safe.
Is that all, Director Hong?
Let's sign the contract.
Okay.
Should I burn it?
"Executing."
It's done.
Hey, it worked out, right?
Yes, I'm sure of it.
Ah, thank you.
I'll extract the data first.
Extract it, extract all of it.
This is all thanks to you guys.
Ah, not at all.
I'll gather the evidence
from his phone and put this Kim Myung-gil bastard in jail,
so don't worry.
Yes.
You worked hard.
Brother Kang-yong will contact you.
Yes, thank you, brother.
Thank you.
I've been thinking about this for a while, but, uh...
The scar, the wound...
I want to help you with the treatment.
Ah.
Your offer is very kind, but
I'm fine.
Are you really okay?
Yes.
Thanks to this scar,
I was able to meet truly good people,
and I gained the strength
to not give up.
So, I
am okay with this scar.
Alright, I understand.
See you soon.
Yes.
Please take good care of things.
I won't go far.
Yes, thank you, brother.
Go on in.
I'm glad it ended well.
Me too.
I knew it would go well.
Yeah.
Oh, right, Geon-woo.
Huh?
Do you remember when the boss
asked Lim Jang-do about the gold bars back then?
Yeah, that only someone named In-beom
knew the location of those gold bars?
Yeah.
How much do you think it would be?
I don't know.
In my opinion, it'll be hundreds of billions.
Ah.
That money includes the money stolen from the boss, right?
Yeah.
If the police let Kim Myung-gil go in this situation,
Kim Myung-gil will take that money and gold bars
and flee overseas immediately.
We can't let that happen.
That money belongs to the boss.
Let's prepare.
Let's chase him down and rip him to shreds.
Deal.
Drink until you drop dead tonight!
Good!
Beom-ah, Jun-min-ah, you worked hard!
Hey, we're going for a second round! To my place!
Why?
Don't you smell something?
Why, what's wrong?
Yeah, I think I smell something burning.
Hey, be quiet!
Oh, no!
Damn it!
Hey!
Go, go in.
Where are you?
I'm working overtime.
I'll send a call to the driver now, so
find someone for me.
How many people?
For now, one old man.
Is it urgent?
If you find him by noon tomorrow,
I'll pay you triple.
Yes.